1. Explain your understanding of CI, CD, DevOps practices in software development.

What is it? What benefits it provides? Why do we need to spread it widely across the world?


CI - continuous integration is a process:
	1) Developers place their code into their private workspace
	2) Then commit the changes to the repository
	3) The CI server monitors the repository and finds out any changes
	4) The CI server builds the code and tests
	5) The CI server releases deployable code for testing
	6) The CI server adds a build label to the version of the code it just built
	7) The CI server informs the team of the successful build
	8) If the build or tests fail, the CI server alerts the team
	9) Developers fix the problem
	then the process repeats. 
     
	CI helps a developer to:
	1) save his time for developing the program.
	2) reduce the integration problems giving a developer an opportunity to push his code more rapidly.
	3) catch any problems earlier.  

CD - continuous delivery is a process that closely related to CI and refers to keeping you code releasable any time.
     CD makes it possible to continuously adapt code in line with user feedback. 
	
	1) CD lets an organization deliver the new software releases to customers more quickly.
	2) Frequent releases let the development teams obtain user feedback more quickly.This lets them work on only the useful features.
	3) Saving time for developers, testers, and others through automation.
	4) Low risks associated with a release. With CD, code is tested repeatedly before deployment to production.
           With more frequent releases, the number of code changes in each release decreases.
           This makes finding and fixing any problems easier.
	     
DevOps - Development ad Operations. DevOps aims at automation and monitoring at all steps of software construction and
         shorter development cycles and increased frequence of deployment.
	
	 Plan -> Code -> Test -> Build -> Release -> Monitor -> Respond -> Repeat


2. There's an application that grew quite big. It's been decided to migrate it from monolithic app to micro-services. 

What will be the advantages of its containerisation?


The benefits of a microservice based application:
	1) Application will become more scalable. That allows a program to handle a growing amount of work. 
	2) Fault tolerant and isolated services.
	   Splitting your application into smaller services allows you have more granular fault tolerance.
	   Isolating your services allows you to maintain your application uptime even if you can’t access a portion of it.


How often both solutions (ms and mono) may be updated under live traffic?

	MS: It can be updated often becase it's much easier to add something new to a small isolated part of a big code. 
	    Also using ms-architecture give you an opportunity to change an application without stopping its work.

	Mono:  It'll be pretty hard to update a mono-architecture application frequently because in that case developer should build and test all aplication, not a part of it.


3. Software Pipeline. What is it? Why do we need to use it?

Describe mandatory steps of PPL  and application lifecycle. 


	Software pipeline is a process of developing a program where the output of one element is the input of the next one.

	Plan -> Develop -> Test -> Build -> Deploy -> Monitor -> Respond -> Repeat.


4. You have application sources in remote repository. And production environment under live traffic.

How source code transformed to running service? Please share steps of release process.

	First building the application, then running code analysis, unit tests, and integration/API tests (all in parallel).
	If all the tasks in this stage of the pipeline passes, then a smoke test suite is triggered, and if the smoke test also passes,
	it triggers the regression test suite and the visual regression test suite (executed in parallel),
	and then, if this final stage passes as well, then we have a release candidate that can be promoted to production.

5.  Share known solutions which are used in software development.

	What mostly used for orchestration? Travis, TeamCity, CircleCI, Drone.io
	What is known Configuration Management tools? Puppet, Chef, Ansible, SlatStack, UpGuard.
	How we can establish code review process and why?  

	Code review is intended to find mistakes overlooked in software development, improving the overall quality of software.



     
	

