
questions:

	1) What are the advantages of Java in software development?
	2) What is stack memory and heap? Which one is used for what?
	3) Please explain parameters: -Xmx / -Xms / -Xss / -Xmn
	4) What is GC process? What does it needed for?
	5) What is New Generation (Eden, 2 Survivors) and Old Generation?
	6) Please describe algorithms used by GCs you know?
	7) Why does Java use different algorithms for old and young generation objects?

answers:

	1) Java is ... platform-independent. (Apps written on this language can move easily from one system to another because of JVM)
		   ... object-oriented. (Allows you to create modular maintainable applications and reusable code)
		   ... multithreaded. (Allows programm to do several tasks at the same time)


	2) Stack is used for static memory allocation (such as variables)
           and Heap for dynamic memory allocation (such as class instances),
           both stored in the computer's RAM.


	3) -Xmx: specifies the maximum memory allocation pool for a Java virtual machine
	   -Xms: specifies the initial memory allocation pool.
	   -Xss: sets thread stack size
	   -Xmn: sets the initial and maximum size of the new heap 


	4) GC - Garbage Collection. When an object is no longer used, the garbage collector
	   reclaims the underlying memory and reuses it for future object allocation.


	5) Young generation.
	   Young generation  memory is 40% of Maximum Java Heap. It consists of two parts, Eden space and Survivor Space.
	
	   Eden Space.
           Initially objects are created in this  Part of Java Heap, here most objects die and quickly are cleaned up
           by the Garbage Collectors (It only runs in young generation and its frequency is high in compared to major garbage collector). 		    	       Usually any new objects created inside a Java Method go into Eden space and the objects space is reclaimed once the method execution 	     	        completes. Whereas the Instance Variables of a Class usually lives longer until the Object based on that class gets destroyed.
           When Eden fills up it causes a minor collection, in which some surviving objects are moved to Survivor Space or an older generation. 

           Survivor Space. 
           The pool containing objects that have survived the garbage collection of the Eden space.


	6) The GC in the old generation uses an algorithm called "mark-sweep-compact."
	   The first step of this algorithm is to mark the surviving objects in the old generation.
	   Then, it checks the heap from the front and leaves only the surviving ones behind.
	
